README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

OPTIONAL SECTIONS:
- FAQ

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <span style="color: #6070FF; width: 76px; height: 20px; font-weight: 700">My Logo</span>
  <br/>

  

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Portfolio: setup and mobile first <a name="about-project"></a>

> In this project, I created the header, works, about me and contact me sections of the portfolio using the "mobile first" approach with the help of the Flexbox css tool.
> I created the desktop version using a media query and Grid CSS and Flexbox.

<strong>Portfolio: setup and mobile and desktop</strong> is a portfolio with mobile and desktop layout.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> Html, CSS

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>



- Responsive website design: good presentation on all devices
- The use of semantic tags improves SEO and web accessibility. 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>



- [Live Demo Link](https://ajroudirida.github.io/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>


To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

1 - To run this project, you need: vscode or any other code editor such as sublime text or atom.
<br/>
2 -You must have git and npm installed in your system.

<!--
Example command:

```sh
 gem install rails
```
 -->

### Setup

Clone this repository in the folder of your choice: https://github.com/AjroudiRida/Portfolio

<!--
Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:myaccount/my-project.git
```
--->

### Install

Install this project with: git clone https://github.com/AjroudiRida/Portfolio command and then use cd portfolio command to access the repository.

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  cd my-project
  gem install
```
--->

### Usage

To run the project, simply open a new tab in your browser, enter the index.html path and press "Enter".

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  rails server
```
--->

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}".

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  bin/rails test test/models/article_test.rb
```
--->

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using: any web hosting provider such as neamcheap or godaddy.

<!--
Example:

```sh

```
 -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


Rida Ajroudi

- GitHub: [@AjroudiRida](https://github.com/AjroudiRida)
- Twitter: [@ajroudi_rida](https://twitter.com/ajroudi_rida)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rida-ajroudi/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

> Describe 1 - 3 features you will add to the project.

- Finish desktop version
- Making the site responsive

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>


If you like this project please follow me on twitter for more information and news.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


I'd like to thank Microverse for this opportunity, as well as my coding partners.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Updated readme to include javascript integration

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

OPTIONAL SECTIONS:
- FAQ

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <span style="color: #6070FF; width: 76px; height: 20px; font-weight: 700">My Logo</span>
  <br/>

  

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Portfolio: setup and mobile first <a name="about-project"></a>

> In this project, I created the header, works, about me and contact me sections of the portfolio using the "mobile first" approach with the help of the Flexbox css and Grid tool.
> I created the desktop version using a media query, Grid CSS and Flexbox.
> I've added an interactive mobile menu using javascript

<strong>Portfolio: setup mobile and desktop</strong> is a portfolio with mobile and desktop layout.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> Html, CSS, Javascript

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>



- Responsive website design: good presentation on all devices
- The use of semantic tags improves SEO and web accessibility. 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>



- [Live Demo Link](https://ajroudirida.github.io/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>


To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

1 - To run this project, you need: vscode or any other code editor such as sublime text or atom.
<br/>
2 -You must have git and npm installed in your system.

<!--
Example command:

```sh
 gem install rails
```
 -->

### Setup

Clone this repository in the folder of your choice: https://github.com/AjroudiRida/Portfolio

<!--
Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:myaccount/my-project.git
```
--->

### Install

Install this project with: git clone https://github.com/AjroudiRida/Portfolio command and then use cd portfolio command to access the repository.

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  cd my-project
  gem install
```
--->

### Usage

To run the project, simply open a new tab in your browser, enter the index.html path and press "Enter".

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  rails server
```
--->

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" and npx eslint .

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  bin/rails test test/models/article_test.rb
```
--->

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using: any web hosting provider such as neamcheap or godaddy.

<!--
Example:

```sh

```
 -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


Rida Ajroudi

- GitHub: [@AjroudiRida](https://github.com/AjroudiRida)
- Twitter: [@ajroudi_rida](https://twitter.com/ajroudi_rida)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rida-ajroudi/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

> Describe 1 - 3 features you will add to the project.

- Project details section

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>


If you like this project please follow me on twitter for more information and news.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


I'd like to thank Microverse for this opportunity, as well as my coding partners.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
